README.md, before:

Panorama Web Service
============
19/08/2015 Web Service by Nicholas Verstegen developed for use with Peruse-a-rue Liquid Galaxy application

### INSTALL

Requires web.py, mysqdb and mysql-server.
PyYAML is provided but must be installed.

The following commands for setup were run on Ubuntu:

	$ sudo apt-get install python-setuptools
	$ sudo easy_install web.py

	$ sudo apt-get install python-mysqldb

	$ sudo apt-get install mysql-server

Move to ./panorama-webservice/PyYAML-3.11 then
	$ sudo python setup.py install

### DATABASE SETUP

	$ CREATE DATABASE panoramas;

### CONFIG

User, password and name for database are set in config.yaml.
Web service will crash without a config.yaml file present in the panoramas-webservice dir.
config-sample.yaml is supplied as an example.

### USE

The webservice is run with the python interpreter:

	$ python ./panorama-web-service.py

Port in use should be shown on console on start-up.

#### /add and checking tool

New panoramas can be added to the database one by one with the /add url. Pass the arguments id, heading, lat, lng, title, provider and qa_status with GET. id is compolsory, heading will be set to 0 as default and other attributes will be NULL if not set. Set qa_status argument to 'not_checked' if it needs to be looked over later otherwise set it to 'checked' if you're confident it is correct. qa_status defaults to 'not_checked'.

Set the 'check' argument to 'true' to display the checking tool. This displays a panorama view and form for adjusting/finding information before submitting. Entering panos with the checking tool submit button will automatically make the 'checked'.

#### /addbyurl

Serves a form for input of a url to a json file to add a large number of panos. Currently expects each pano to have a 'yaw' and 'id'. i.e. {result:[{id:"id", yaw:"yaw"}, {id:"id", yaw:"yaw"}, ......]}
	Panos entered this was are marked as 'not_checked'.

#### /addpaste

Not yet implemented.

#### /all

Returns JSON for all the panoramas in the database.

#### /edit
	
Shows a list of all panoramas or if onlyNotChecked=true then a list of all unchecked panos. The 'Edit' button on each pano will open the checking tool for that pano. Use 'Replace' or 'Remove' buttons. Replaced panos will become 'checked'.

#### /remove

Provide the an id argument via GET and panoramas with this id will be removed from the database.

#### /random 

Will select randomly from all panoramas in the database

#### /category

Provide a category argument via GET. JSON for all panoramas in the specified category will be returned.

#### /removefromcategory

Provide a category and id argument via GET. The specified panorama will be removed from the specified category.

#### /addtocategory

Provide a category and id argument via GET. The specified panorama will be added to the specified category.

Commit message:

Added some examples to the readme.

README.md, after:

Panorama Web Service
============
19/08/2015 Web Service by Nicholas Verstegen developed for use with Peruse-a-rue Liquid Galaxy application

### INSTALL

Requires web.py, mysqdb and mysql-server.
PyYAML is provided but must be installed.

The following commands for setup were run on Ubuntu:

	$ sudo apt-get install python-setuptools
	$ sudo easy_install web.py

	$ sudo apt-get install python-mysqldb

	$ sudo apt-get install mysql-server

Move to ./panorama-webservice/PyYAML-3.11 then
	$ sudo python setup.py install

### DATABASE SETUP

	CREATE DATABASE panoramas;

### CONFIG

User, password and name for database are set in config.yaml.
Web service will crash without a config.yaml file present in the panoramas-webservice dir.
config-sample.yaml is supplied as an example.

### USE

The webservice is run with the python interpreter:

	$ python ./panorama-web-service.py

Port in use should be shown on console on start-up.

#### /add and checking tool

New panoramas can be added to the database one by one with the /add url. Pass the arguments id, heading, lat, lng, title, provider and qa_status with GET. id is compolsory, heading will be set to 0 as default and other attributes will be NULL if not set. Set qa_status argument to 'not_checked' if it needs to be looked over later otherwise set it to 'checked' if you're confident it is correct. qa_status defaults to 'not_checked'.

Set the 'check' argument to 'true' to display the checking tool in a browser. This displays a panorama view and form for adjusting/finding information before submitting. Entering panos with the checking tool submit button will automatically make the 'checked'.

Examples:

	http://0.0.0.0:8080/add?id=pp8B6JRFJ-UAAAQp6VVXhQ&heading=272.18463

Adds a panorama with an id of pp8B6JRFJ-UAAAQp6VVXhQ and a heading of 272.18463 to the database.

	http://0.0.0.0:8080/add?id=M4gux_w2UpUAAAQp2XD8Qw&check=true

Panorama of id M4gux_w2UpUAAAQp2XD8Qw will be brought up in the checking tool ui. It can be added after adjustments are made in the form.

#### /addbyurl

Serves a form for input of a url to a json file to add a large number of panos. Currently expects each pano to have a 'yaw' and 'id'. i.e. {result:[{id:"id", yaw:"yaw"}, {id:"id", yaw:"yaw"}, ......]}
	Panos entered this was are marked as 'not_checked'.

#### /addpaste

Not yet implemented.

#### /all

Returns JSON for all the panoramas in the database.

Examle output:

	{"result": [{"title": null, "owner": null, "qa_status": "not_checked", "lat": null, "lng": null, "identifier": "pp8B6JRFJ-UAAAQp6VVXhQ", "heading": 272}, {"title": "Marios Lefteriotis", "owner": "\u00a9 Marios Lefteriotis", "qa_status": "checked", "lat": 37.971905, "lng": 23.726, "identifier": "M4gux_w2UpUAAAQp2XD8Qw", "heading": 0}]}

#### /edit
	
Shows a list of all panoramas or if onlyNotChecked=true then a list of all unchecked panos. The 'Edit' button on each pano will open the checking tool for that pano. Use 'Replace' or 'Remove' buttons. Replaced panos will become 'checked'.

#### /remove

Provide the an id argument via GET and panoramas with this id will be removed from the database.

Example:

	http://0.0.0.0:8080/remove?id=pp8B6JRFJ-UAAAQp6VVXhQ

This will remove the panorama associated with the id pp8B6JRFJ-UAAAQp6VVXhQ from the database.

#### /random 

Will select randomly from all panoramas in the database

#### /category

Provide a category argument via GET. JSON for all panoramas in the specified category will be returned.

#### /removefromcategory

Provide a category and id argument via GET. The specified panorama will be removed from the specified category.

#### /addtocategory

Provide a category and id argument via GET. The specified panorama will be added to the specified category.
